Normalizacja i ujednolicanie (#6)
coders-school/modern-cpp: module1/00_intro.md

___

> ### [Link to presentation on GitHub](https://github.com/coders-school/advanced_cpp/tree/master/md.modern_cpp_basic_features)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### [Link to presentation on GitHub](https://github.com/coders-school/modern-cpp/tree/master/module1)
```
